todo.md, before:

# Getting the working system

# Setup a desktop environment
- [X] Nerd fonts
- [X] Window Manager [Hyprland]
- [X] status bar [waybar, later maybe ewww]
- [X] App Launcher [Anyrun or Fuzzel]
    - [X] Add web search
    - [ ] Add file search (kidex)
- [X] Screenshots
- [X] wlogout
- [X] Notifications [Mako]
- [X] Audio: controls and playing music
- [X] Get bluetooth working
- [X] Control screen brightness with hotkeys
- [X] Thunar for file management
- [X] Dark theme GTK apps
- [ ] Image viewer
    - [ ] Thumbnails
    - [ ] Preview with spacebar
- [ ] Closing laptop lid disables screen 1 if more than 1 display's are present
- [ ] Turn off screen after 45 seconds, Lock screen after 2 minutes, Sleep after 8 minutes. Playing youtube does not count as idle.
- [ ] greetd with tuigreet
- [ ] Screensharing in discord and Teams
- [ ] Automatic Garbage collection nix store

# Applications
- [X] btop
- [ ] Neovim with nvchad
    - [ ] Oxocarbon
- [ ] Kitty with Oxocarbon theme: set ctrl + bckspace to delete word
- [ ] LF
- [ ] Signal (or combined messaging app)
- [ ] Obsidian with dropbox


# Dev environment
- [X] Git
- [X] VSCode (for working with Notebooks)
- [X] Python (3.11) 
- [ ] Starship
- [X] Docker
- [ ] Javascript
- [ ] Rust
- [ ] Golang
- [ ] C#
- [ ] C
- [ ] ? Ocaml
- [ ] Kubectl
- [ ] Lapce
- [X] Ripgrep
- [X] fzf
- [X] tree
- [ ] ? w3m
 
# Configure for comfort
- [X] Two finger click is right click
- [ ] Determine best way to handle workspaces on multimonitor
- [ ] Pop up message when battery low
- [ ] Fix font awesomme display in firefox (if possible)
- [ ] Mouse changes when hovering something clickable

# Learn
- [ ] Search project for word in neovim
- [ ] Tridactyl

Commit message:

Set mouse acceleration to flat

todo.md, after:

# Getting the working system

# Setup a desktop environment
- [X] Nerd fonts
- [X] Window Manager [Hyprland]
- [X] status bar [waybar, later maybe ewww]
- [X] App Launcher [Anyrun or Fuzzel]
    - [X] Add web search
    - [ ] Add file search (kidex)
- [X] Screenshots
- [X] wlogout
- [X] Notifications [Mako]
- [X] Audio: controls and playing music
- [X] Get bluetooth working
- [X] Control screen brightness with hotkeys
- [X] Thunar for file management
- [X] Dark theme GTK apps
- [ ] Mouse Acceleration off, and lower sensitivity
- [ ] Image viewer
- [ ] Thumbnails
- [ ] Preview with spacebar
- [ ] Closing laptop lid disables screen 1 if more than 1 display's are present
- [ ] Turn off screen after 45 seconds, Lock screen after 2 minutes, Sleep after 8 minutes. Playing youtube does not count as idle.
- [ ] greetd with tuigreet
- [ ] Screensharing in discord and Teams
- [ ] Automatic Garbage collection nix store

# Applications
- [X] btop
- [ ] Neovim with nvchad
    - [ ] Oxocarbon
- [ ] Kitty with Oxocarbon theme: set ctrl + bckspace to delete word
- [ ] LF
- [ ] Signal (or combined messaging app)
- [ ] Obsidian with dropbox


# Dev environment
- [X] Git
- [X] VSCode (for working with Notebooks)
- [X] Python (3.11) 
- [ ] Starship
- [X] Docker
- [ ] Javascript
- [ ] Rust
- [ ] Golang
- [ ] C#
- [ ] C
- [ ] ? Ocaml
- [ ] Kubectl
- [ ] Lapce
- [X] Ripgrep
- [X] fzf
- [X] tree
- [ ] ? w3m
 
# Configure for comfort
- [X] Two finger click is right click
- [ ] Determine best way to handle workspaces on multimonitor
- [ ] Pop up message when battery low
- [ ] Fix font awesomme display in firefox (if possible)
- [ ] Mouse changes when hovering something clickable

# Learn
- [ ] Search project for word in neovim
- [ ] Tridactyl
